create a new search if polling from qradar fails (#20379)
demisto/content: Packs/QRadar/ReleaseNotes/2_2_8.md

#### Integrations
##### IBM QRadar v3

> - Fixed an issue where the search query deleted from `QRadar` when polling for the results. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in mirroring where failed events searches stopped mirroring. 
```
